# Product-Query-Manager
The Student Information Database Application compiles Student, Enrolment, and Grade data so that teachers or administrative persons can easily view and allocate information. A user will be able to import three kinds of .dat extension files containing comma-separated student information, tab-separated enrolment data, and tab-separated final grades. The application will create worksheets making these pieces of information easily viewable. A user will be able to add a new student to our database by manually entering the student’s information in our application. The application will display the new student’s information on a “New Students” worksheet. The application contains a very helpful search feature for when you are looking for all students from a specific city. When you use this feature, the application will create a custom worksheet that displays all the students from the chosen city. The application also contains two counter features. The first counter feature will count how many students are from a chosen city. The second counter feature counts how many students are enrolled in a chosen course. This enrolment information will be displayed in a worksheet called “Class Enrolments”. The last feature of this application displays the names of the students who have failed a chosen course on a worksheet called “Course Failures”.  An additional feature that is not on the main menu is a counter that counts how many students are from St. Jacobs, which is 3.   

**manual.pdf contains detailed instruction of how to use the program and all its features.**
